High.
So let's jump into the doctrines and default values for name couples.
So we're going to start with the strings and let's go ahead and create a point to these are all old
standby.
And of course I need to import so from collections import named couple.
And now let's create the point to be named top of class so we're going to use the name all function
which is essentially just a class factory.
We're going to give the name of the class as point to Dean and then we'll have two fields x and y.
So now we have point to D.
And you'll notice that we have some properties that we can access
Ulos we have a docstring for point to deep with a class.
We also have a docstring for the properties.
And I got a cold point too.
OK.
It is what field number 0.
And if we do that for Y
then we have a list with field number 1.
So those are the dark strings and if we call help on point 2 D you'll see that.
Well we have a bunch of stuff.
But in particular note the docstring here that shows up.
That's the one that is actually in dhanda dark.
And then we also have over here by the way this is the new method that gets called when we create a
new instance of point to the that's going to become important and a little bit but that's when we create
a new instance of point to the this is the method that is actually called in order to create that instance.
And you'll notice it has these two parameters x and y which are field maps and then we have the data
descriptors for X.
And here we have that docstring a field number zero and hit a field number one.
So how do we modify this.
Well it's very simple the Dunder duck property is not just read you know readable.
It's actually ridable as well so we can just modify it so we can go ahead and say something like this
point to D.
Done with dark equals.
To the Kantian coordinates something like that then we can also set the docs on the X property.
So this way and we're going to say this is the x coordinates and then we'll do the same thing for the
Y.
Docstring that's equal to the y coordinate.
OK.
And now if we call help on point 2 D you'll notice that this has changed here.
Now we have two counties in co-ordinate and over down here we have x coordinate and y coordinates.
So that's pretty straightforward.
That's how we change the doc strings on name topples.
OK.
So the next thing that we need to talk about is how do we set defaults.
Because if we have this construct this function that rather that we called name toppled that generates
this class.
There is no way of passing it a default value for x and y.
There's just no way to do that.
So the Python documentation actually documents one way of doing it and that's using something called
a prototype.
And the idea behind this is that we're going to create a named topple.
So let's go ahead and call it vector to do that.
Is one where we have a few more parameters and let's go ahead and create it.
So this is going to be a vector to the.
And it's going to take the coordinates the x y coordinates of the starting point of the vector and then
the x y coordinates of the endpoint of the vector.
So I'm calling it x y y want x to y to and then I also want to specify the coordinate systems origin.
We may want to have different coordinate systems for various vectors so in this case this is what we
have.
We have six fields right.
If we look at Vector 2 D and type it
we have these six fields and there are of course also properties on the vector to the class.
So to create a vector to d we just have to you know basically say V one equals vector to D and then
we have to pass it in let's say it starts at 0 0 ends at 10 10 and then we have to specify the origin.
In this case it's 0 0.
Most of the times that origin is going to be just 0 0.
So now we have all vector.
But you'll notice that I have to specify origin X origin Y every time.
And I don't want to have to do that.
I would like to have a default so that I could call vector to d with just these four parameters and
not have to specify the last two.
But of course we can't do that vector 2d.
Expect six parameters.
End of story.
Right.
So the way the Python docs describes it they say OK make a prototype.
So that's exactly what we're going to do.
We're going to make this prototype and call it back to zero and we're going to create an instance of
A to Z and he might make everything 0.
Maybe you know maybe some of them none.
You know it doesn't make sense to mix that in this case.
I'm going to make everything 0 and then I need to specify the origin X and Y as well.
I'm going to make them 0 as well because that's what I want them to be.
So how many do I have.
One two three four five six.
OK.
So a better approach might have been to say X one equals zero x y one equals zero.
And so on but I'm going to keep it simple.
OK so now we have the vector 0.
What is it.
Well back to zero is just a vector to the instance.
K with these values here.
Now what we do is we kind of forget that we have this vector to declasse defined.
We forget about it in order to create new vectors.
How are we going to do it.
We're going to say V-2 equals V-1.
Well I'm sorry.
The one vector zero that's the one that's the prototype right vector 0 was the prototype and would we're
going to use the underscore replace method we've seen that one before.
So no I can say X one equals 10 y one equals 10 x 2 equals 20 y two equals 20.
And now I have my two vector.
And you'll notice that the origin is 0 0 0 because that's what it grabbed from the prototype and that's
why we say that this is a prototype.
I want to do another vector v3.
I would do the same thing.
I wouldn't use the vector to declasse any more I would use the prototype and use the underscore replace
and put in the values that I want.
And again they have to be specified as Kiwa parameters right.
Keyword arguments.
That's what underscore replace needs.
So a few things here and we mentioned that in the lecture.
But first of all I'm no longer using vector 2d to create instances of vector 2d.
I'm using this prototype name so maybe I could have made the prototype something like vector 2 d 0.
Maybe I could even have done something like this which you know really you know it's not a class so
we shouldn't be capitalizing it.
But in this case I might actually do that to indicate well this is a class but obviously it's not a
class because we're calling underscore replace.
So we are using an instance.
So I don't like that fact that's the first thing is that often the fact that we're using vector 2d to
create V-2 is up skated right here.
It's not transparent.
The second thing is very clean compared to when we call vector 2D it's just vector to deep parenthesis.
Here we have to call underscore replace.
And then finally we have to use positional arguments now using positional.
Sorry we have to use keyword arguments now using keyword arguments when you call functions is not a
bad thing.
In fact it's something that you should prefer to do very often but for something as simple as a vector
which has two coordinates for the first zero point or the start point two coordinates for the end point.
I don't like the fact that I have to write it out this way.
It's very easy for me in code to understand what 10 commet 10 or 20 come 20 means.
Obviously if we had something you know a name top of like for example the stock that we saw in a few
videos back then yeah then you know actually doing it this way might make more sense.
It's more readable code.
But I don't like the fact that I'm forced to use the keyword parameters the keyword arguments.
So that's what I don't like about this prototype approach.
It certainly was.
And it's fine and it has some other advantages too is that I may do another prototype.
I must say vector you know negative base for example are negative.
It's not a base it's a negative origin.
Let's say you know or maybe it's the Altona origin.
It's called alt origin.
And then I would call a vector to the I would call that and I pass in you know 0 0 0 0.
My first two points in then maybe I put a minus 10 minus 10 for all that.
So now I can create you know a vector using vector 0 when I want to use the zero defaults for the origin.
Or I might call and alt origin when I want to use the negative 10 negative 10 if it's something I use
frequently for example.
So there are certain advantages to using this prototype approach but there's another way that we can
define a default.
And before we jump into how to do it with named topples.
Let's just see how it works with just regular functions.
So let's go ahead and let's create a function and we'll put in two or three parameters but two of them
will have defaults and the function is unknown to.
Well actually let's print a COM A B C.
OK.
So this is what the function does.
It just takes in those three arguments.
Two of them have defaults.
And then it just prints them out.
So if we call func let's say with one then we get 1 10 and 20 that get printed up.
But the phunk has eight.
Defaults are done the false property.
And you'll notice what it is.
It is a top 10 20 that contains basically the default values that we had here.
And again I mentioned in the lecture that you have to think of this as being aligned with the parameter
names with the right alignment.
So 20 is going to go into C.
So I'm kind of reading it backwards.
Twenty goes into C ten goes into B.
Now what I could do is I can change those defaults so I can say phunk done the defaults on equals and
maybe I'm going to specify both three and I'm going to change with the defaults.
OK.
So now look what happens when I call func just by itself.
I get those defaults.
So Python is reading those defaults from done to property and then applying them if I don't specify.
You know all the arguments.
So that's how we can modify the default values for the arguments of a function.
Now let's go back to name couple.
Let's go back to our vector to D.
And let's get help on vector to deal.
And I pointed that out just now.
But let's go back and take a look at it again.
Here we have this done.
The new method.
And you'll notice it says it creates a new instance of vector 2 d.
Right.
That's what it's the it's this method that gets called when we create an instance of vector to D.
Now I know we haven't covered classes in python yet that will come later on in the schools but the donder
in nit that we use to are you know that we use normally to initialize a class or an instance of a class.
It's not the constructor of the class it's an initializer it happens after the object has been constructed.
Once the object is being constructed and here it's done by the Dundon new method once it's constructed
the object that it calls the Dondre in it passing it the object and the Dundreary init method can then
modify things that can add attributes that can do various things to initialize essentially that object.
So it's two separate steps creation initialization.
Usually we don't worry about creation.
We often just use the Dunder init.
But we'll see where we use the Dundon new Later on in the course.
So what do we want to do.
Well we want to assign a default value to Origin X and origin y.
In this Dundon new method.
OK this is the function whose default we want to modify.
Right now it doesn't have any defaults.
Right.
If I look at Vector 2D Dondre new Dondre or dark Tunder defaults I have nothing.
It's an empty.
It's nothing.
OK.
Take a look at what the type is.
It's the non-Thai.
It's it's nothing it's nothing.
Not that none is nothing.
It's nothing.
So now what we're going to do is we're actually going to assign the defaults.
But remember again the defaults all have the right alignment thing right.
So we're going to specify the default for what we want to specify the defaults for the origin X and
origin y.
The last two arguments essentially of the done the new method these two.
This one in that one.
So let's do that let's say vector 2D Dundon you because that's the method we wanted to change the default
on done defaults equals zero zero.
So now we've changed the default all Dundon year.
So now let's go ahead and create another vector.
Let's call it V-1 and vector to D.
And now we're only going to pass in four parameters for arguments.
So turned corner can come at 20 20 and I have to spell it correctly.
And you'll notice that walked normally on top all would only allow us to pass in six parameters six
arguments.
In this case it's allowing us to only specify four.
Why.
Because now this done the new method has defaults.
And in fact if we look at the one you can see the origin X is 0 origin y 0.
Now of course we could have done something like this we could have said vectors to the Dundon new Gundry
gleeful sequels maybe you know minus 10 to minus 10.
We can do that as well.
If I can type and know if I create a new vector I'm just going to copy and paste that code.
I can't look at the one you can see it has negative 10 and negative 10 as defaults.
So this is another way of specifying deepest values for name topples.
We simply go in and modify the Dunta defaults property of the Dundon new method that was in our vector
to declasse.
All right.
So thanks for watching and I'll see you in the next video.